Assignment:

Trust you are doing well and we thank you for showing interest in an internship with Ecohoy. This is with regard to your application for the position of Business Analyst Intern. 

The selection process at Ecohoy for the above-mentioned position will involve the following stages:

1. Applicants are given a time-bound assignment. Details of the submission are attached. The submission deadline is 2 April 2023 - 2359 hours. The submission also needs to be sent at hr@ecohoy.com

2. Evaluation: Submissions will be evaluated across various performance parameters. 

3. Telephonic Interview & Selection: Shortlisted candidates will be informed via email about their status and a date/time for a telephonic interview will be communicated. The final selection will be based on the weighted average of the interview and submission. Selected candidates will be notified along with the date of commencement of the internship.

In case of any queries, please feel free to write back to us.

Wishing you the very best!

With best regards,

Ecohoy HR Team
Submission deadline: 02 April, 2023





Please perform a research and then analyze data on the estimated sales of “Made in Japan” kitchen knives in India and their import patterns. Make a comprehensive report that includes information on import trends, market size, market share, competition, pricing, distribution channels, and consumer preferences.
Try to use various sources of data, such as government reports, industry publications, 
trade associations, market research reports, online marketplaces (Amazon & Flipkart), and 
online databases to gather information.
This report requires a significant amount of research and analysis. A great amount of time 
 is required in gathering data and analyzing it to create this comprehensive report.
Some of the challenges that are expected to be overcome during this report are as follows: 
• Data quality issues such as missing data, incomplete data, or inaccurate data. It’s vital to ensure that the data used in the report is accurate and reliable.
• Integrating data from different sources such as government reports, industry publications, trade associations, market research reports, and online databases. This can be challenging as different sources may use different formats and structures.
• Analyzing large amounts of data. 
• Language and Search Engine Challenges
Report Hints:
• Japanese data with respect to export and other government reports can be utilized. Language 
translation tools may be used.
• Please mention the sources of information that are being considered.
• An excellent way to go about the report will be to structure the content and visualize the 
presentation. An index will be helpful.
• A successful analysis should be able to give actionable. In this case, the person for whom the 
report is being created is able to decide if selling Japanese knives in the Indian Market is a 
reasonable proposition and what inventory the person should be maintaining.